[Music]
my family have always known me to be
someone that sings that loves music
so i've always pictured myself doing
music
hey hi shanee hi
hi how are you we've been looking at
some of your pictures and stuff and we
noticed this gorgeous video you're
singing to a little girl
[Music]
she gets me to sit there to sleep how
old is she she's poor
oh wow i've never been so jealous of a
baby being serenaded
so much in my life bringing life into
this world is
one of the best things that could ever
happen to you i was pregnant with my
daughter when
i was 19. i gave up music
completely and she was so vulnerable and
so young
what are you singing today jasmine
sullivan bust your window
that was my audition song
it was a lucky song for me so hopefully
it's going to be a lucky song for you i
hope so
thank you all right whenever you're
ready
i'll probably always have these ugly
scars
but right now i don't care about that
part
i'll bust the windows
after i saw you laying next to her
[Music]
until that happens baby you don't know
pain
so i broke your car you caused me pain
so i did the same even
though what you did to me was much worse
i had to do something
that song meant so much to me like even
before i did it as an audition and just
watching you do it
sounds so stupid but it brought back so
many it made me feel really emotional
when you were singing it
but like your runs are ridiculous
it's like it's like a waterfall when you
do your runs it just trickles down
i'm obsessed with you so we're gonna go
to vote obviously you need
three yeses so yes through
[Music]
today we are looking for a vocal harmony
group
the next big destiny's child on vogue
situation
and i think it's fair to say that you
very much fit into that so
it's a yes from me thank you you're just
my idea of heaven i literally love you
so much so i'm gonna say
100 yes thank you so much
yes from me i'm so happy with you
congratulations
yesterday thank you so much
go enjoy yourself
[Music]
you